Hello, who is it?
Hey, hi. How are you?
OK, come on up.
My name is Enrique Torres, Jr.
I live on Staten Island, New York,
and I have the privilege to serve
in the Mid-Island Congregation.
The first 40 years of my life were mired
in a lifestyle that was horrendous.
A judge stated that I had
a “propensity for criminality.”
No doubt, he was describing a vicious person.
As a youth, I was hanging around
with the wrong kind of people
that led me into a life of crime
and debauchery.
This captain in our prison came up
with a psychological plan
to take the individuals
that had the potential for leadership
and put them in isolation.
I wound up to be among them.
Can you imagine, they were getting beat up?
It was becoming too much for me
—the screams and so forth.
I said, “If this continues,
I’m not going to survive here.”
I did get in contact with my father
and he told me:
“Never forget Jehovah.
That is his name.”
And that’s all I got out of it.
I knew that there was nobody
that could help me but God.
So that’s when I found myself
in prayer to Jehovah.
I vowed that I would make it my business
to learn more about him
than just his name.
At that time, that’s all I knew.
I got some literature; I got the Bible too.
Jehovah became more meaningful to me.
That’s when he became real to me.
That was the first 40 years of my life.
But the last 40 years of my life
with Jehovah’s training
from his organization,
my personality—it was transformed.
The blessings that I have received
have been in the area of my field service
and also my teaching ability,
which has helped me
to be able to draw closer to Jehovah.
I was privileged to become
a ministerial servant for many years
and a field service overseer
for many more years.
One of the main challenges that I’m facing is
that I have developed cancer
and have gone through four cancer operations
and also some chemotherapy.
Without relying upon Jehovah to help me
to overcome these challenges,
there’s no doubt in my mind that I
never would have been able to make it.
I would recommend to avoid
that trap that I fell into
—hanging around with street gangs
and then getting involved
in burglaries and robberies.
It’s a progression.
It was not anything of value at all.
Instead, what it brought me
was a lot of grief,
mental scars, and also
a lot of trouble with my conscience.
Study God’s Word, the Bible,
so that you may be able
to see what Jehovah has in store
for the future.
And also, you’ll be able to see
that he’s a kind, merciful, loving God
that doesn’t want anyone to be destroyed
but wants them to have life.
Parents, never give up on your children.
Jehovah never gave up on me.
He rescued me from this spiritual darkness
that I was in,
and he brought me into his light
and to his wonderful organization.
And I give him all the credit for that.
And when I speak to people,
that’s what I tell them.
I tell them: “It wasn’t me.
“It was Jehovah that has done all of this,
and he could do that for you too
if you give him an opportunity.”